#1.6 Your Website, part 1 Reflection

Creating a repository on GitHub is as easy as clicking a button.  You click the plus button in the upper right corner of your homepage and click "New Repository."  You name it, make it public or private, and add an MIT License, which makes it open source.  Next, you find the clone link, bring it to your terminal and type "git clone LINK", where "LINK" is the link that you copied.  Open Source means that all of the code that has gone into making a program is available for anyone in the world to see, use, and customize for their on purposes.  If something is closed source, then its source code is unavailable for modification.  I think Open Source is great for the development community.  It lets newer developers learn how certain programs work and lets us see how much work went into making the applications we use on a daily basis.  That being said, I totally understand the reasoning behind companies keeping their applications closed source because otherwise we wouldn't need to pay them for applications because we could just make our own.  Licensing is important because it specifically declares what permissions you allow for others that want to use your code, and you retain your rights as the owner.  That way someone can't plagiarize your work without crediting you as the original creator.  This topic showed me the practical uses of git and how we can use it to push to GitHub.  It also cleared up how I look at open source.  Back when rooting your Android phones was a big thing around 2010, I would always hear it as kind of a buzz word. The Android Open Source Project (AOSP) would be plastered all over any developer's ROMs and other flashable items.  Now I understand that all of it was made possible because Google made their OS open source, so that developers could customize it and create new things.  Thinking back to that helped me understand what open source is and what could be produced from it.